good friends others will find your channel
from youtube storman tarraco and today
we present a very special video because
is the announcement of the seminar that
we will perform in Santander on days 7 and 8
March agreement within a
mesecito the seminar concretely what
we will do in the green box profit cantabria
as we have said on 7 and 8 March
the content of it as we have put
on the blackboard it will be divided into two blocks
Block 1 will be Saturday , March 7
where we will talk theoretically and
practice of stroke man is where
we will deal a bit with the history of
stroma a little where it comes from and
we will treat the surveys more
emblematic most characteristic of the
mode such as flipping
pneumatic the anchor stones or the
step of the farmer among others and by
course after the theoretical part
as then in another form and more being me
we will do a practical part in the afternoon
in agreement nobody is going to bore and nobody
will go home without insurance laces
agree and on Sunday we will do the part
of power lifting we will treat the three
movements both the squat and the
banking like the deadlift in a way
theoretical and especially after a way
practice in the way not just doing it
correctly but the way to empower
the one to get performance from doing
short- term long-term trainings and
well a little bit a little bit more
advanced to see the movements
saying this we say that the seminar is
thought a little bit for advanced people it
will deal with the correct execution of
movements and the most common mistakes
but above all we will also try to
fire 'enhance those movements of
how to make them better how to get more
performance in the end to the
same also everyone but I do
that specification so that people what
know of all the ways that we have
put the phone of the companions of the
guild of cantabria
94 22 60 0 28 here you will get more
detailed information on prices
about discounts on everything and in the
description of this same video we have
put the link to the website of
our partners agreed to that
You can see the spectacular under me
point of view facilities that have
and all the more you want to know about the
site where the seminar will take place
also at the end of the two days there will be
some more popular sayings
where they train and train people
both stroman and power and the
people who do not attend the seminar because
It is very reduced to the level of places later
You can come to enjoy a workout
with us and good of course
answer questions from around the world
agree that there is no doubt
we recommend the presence to the seminar
because I hope and give the best of myself
in this aspect and I hope to help all
the people who really come
do something so that anyone but
try from the experience of a
competitor active person
stroman powerlifting doing the
movements and that trains both
same as a whole team of
competition of these sports try
show you though there is no trick of these
secrets try to give the guidelines
that you to the people who attend
to the seminar you can then take a
much higher performance to your
movements and your strength that is
we recommend how that
transform the presence because we believe
it will be very worthwhile nobody is going to
bored and nobody goes home saying
I learned this and we will try to
that if they leave me the friends of the great
books I will try so good that the
I train and that the practice is
intense and that everyone enjoys
even go home with some
shoelaces that we take to a seminar of
Laces I seem to be like this in Europe
so good tests apart we leave you
choose phone we repeat 94 22 60 0 28
in the description of video 3 the
links to the web of colleagues
santander and well I hope it's a
success I hope we see each other and the people
Of course you can not attend
a matter of distance we will put in the channel
well, a summary of how everything went for
all because in some way you may
Enjoy the seminar once done
those that unfortunately for distance by
whatever the reasons may have been, you could not
attend according to those who are us
we see very soon greetings to santander dar
thanks to the valley for the treatment
received and good as always if you want
See you in upcoming videos
many thanks
good